Jessica Freeman: Good.
Morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you
Jessica Freeman: Okay, are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good run them behind this morning. Sorry about that.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. I have to leave at 925 for work. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect.
Jessica Freeman: I should hardly seems worth the $60 I just paid
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For well we have an hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's 812. So can you put headphones in.
Jessica Freeman: And on a laptop so no go in another room.
Jessica Freeman: See the person schedule that we're going to be starting next week.
Jessica Freeman: My son will already be at school. My mom won't be here to babysit. And I don't have to be a work. And so I can spend. I only work like a few minutes away. So I could stay until, like, which for you is 855 foot today.
Jessica Freeman: Today is not a great day to play.
Jessica Freeman: Anyhow, happy. It's a happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our things going with you.
Jessica Freeman: Pretty good, you know, same old.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Same old
Jessica Freeman: For me, you know, I go to work. Take care of my son, you know, his school stuff is therapy stuff that is my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what are you doing for for yourself.
Jessica Freeman: Not much lately. I don't have. I mean, I know how important self care is two weeks ago I got a manicure so
Jessica Freeman: I'm due for one of those next weekend. I'll probably hire a babysitter and get my nails done, and I haven't been able to make it to very many meetings.
Jessica Freeman: The situation now that I'm here in Albuquerque, and I've got everything situated with my son school and with my work.
Jessica Freeman: It turns out that, you know, my mom has to pick him up, you know, to four days a week depending
Jessica Freeman: And then also, she has to stay with him all day on Fridays, because he doesn't have school on Fridays.
Jessica Freeman: So she's already watching him so much during the week that it's hard to, I mean, I don't even want to ask her. I mean, so volunteer sometimes, but I was just sick for a whole week. And she was. She helped out a lot and I just don't want to ask too much, you know,
Jessica Freeman: So I'm just kind of getting through this rough period and then hopefully
Jessica Freeman: Well, let's see what is next.
Jessica Freeman: Oh. Next week I'm going to Indianapolis to see my son.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All
Jessica Freeman: And I'll be getting my hair done, and I will have like two and a half days away from my son grown up time fast with
Jessica Freeman: My friends, and it goes to a meeting, it's going to be my sobriety birthday, so I'm going to pick up my token, get a lot of support and love from my people back home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. It sounds like it's definitely sorely needed
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. How's things going at work.
Jessica Freeman: Pretty good. Um,
Jessica Freeman: There's a girl and she's like training me on stuff and it was Christina and she's been there for over a year. And she knows all the stuff that I'm supposed to know like she's the one that's training me and she's probably about maybe 10 or 12 years younger than me and
Jessica Freeman: She engages in this passive aggressive type behavior that I used to. I used to play those games but you know I don't anymore. And it's exhausting. And every time I try to like talk to her and be real, she's just really snotty and it gets under my skin.
Jessica Freeman: It would be nice if I didn't have to put up with that but it is what it is. People are where they are.
Jessica Freeman: So I don't have to engage in it. You know, it's just, it's just annoying cuz I'm like
Jessica Freeman: It's just tedious. It's like, I just wish you would just like train me on the work and save the park and attitude, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. What are you doing to manage
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The anxiety around it.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I don't necessarily have well I guess there is a little anxiety because
Jessica Freeman: You know she's got seniority at work.
Jessica Freeman: And our QB are qualified broker, who's like the boss of the whole office would definitely you know, listen to her if she if she said that there was a problem. And I'm new. So how am I dealing with that. I don't know, denial
Jessica Freeman: Trying to do a really good job, you know, I'm just trying to
Jessica Freeman: Do a good job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, not feed into it and let her own her own passive aggressiveness, you know, which is hard sometimes. But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If we don't, if we do not feed into it, it cannot grow and what and it stays in her lap, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so I try to be like friendly. You know ish and still protect myself, um,
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. She's just always got something to say, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These are the types of personalities are they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, what am I learning out of this. What am I supposed to out of dealing with this personality, you know, really.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: All this therapy stuff like the group therapy and like all this stuff like that. I was with my own therapist for so long. And you know, I started out in such a terrible place and then by the end, you know, I'm a success story and our relationship is more like friendly than anything you
Jessica Freeman: Know, kind of doing this. Back to Basics is it's an interesting dynamic and for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I bet it is. Definitely. But, you know, really, you are almost two years sober. So you have a lot of knowledge underneath your belt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have things been going and group.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I just had the one and it was Wednesday evening at 730 to 830 so
Jessica Freeman: There was a there was one, you know, I just heard it back. Okay, and have that poker face. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Because I've been in I've been in so many group therapies and I i've seen all these different personality types and there's this one guy, he's got something to say about everything, you know, he just wants to drag on and on and like he just needs attention, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I'm fine with that. I don't care. But
Jessica Freeman: It's annoying.
Jessica Freeman: But I'm there to participate, for you know what i can contribute and what I need. And, you know, leave the rest. So it's, it's fine.
Jessica Freeman: The like the the therapist in the group.
Jessica Freeman: Is big into, like, you know, close your eyes and imagine, blah, blah, blah. And, you know, meditation stuff and it's just like
Jessica Freeman: Like I've got my, you know, five year old and my dog climbing all over me.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. And I just, you know, it's so hard to slow down.
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: And do that.
Jessica Freeman: And it's a little cheesy.
Jessica Freeman: But you know i'm i'm doing what's asked of me. I've learned how to do that with with a good attitude.
Jessica Freeman: So that's what I'm doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. Um, what tell me some of the things that you want to work on while you're engaged with Breitbart, so we can work on these things.
Jessica Freeman: Um, well, I think last time we touched on, like some guilt and shame definitely some self esteem, um,
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. That's a lot to work with right there. I mean, that's kind of where I left off in my old my old therapy and then
Jessica Freeman: We also had just kind of tapped into like some past sexual trauma.
Jessica Freeman: But that was after working with her for like three and a half years. So I don't think we're quite there yet, you know, but I think we might be able to get there eventually.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, tell me how those past experiences have affected your life today.
Jessica Freeman: Well, they've contributed to
Jessica Freeman: Probably my lack of self esteem, um,
Jessica Freeman: being too hard on myself having unrealistic expectations of myself.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. I mean, that kind of stuff. Causes long term, you know, inner suffering and
Jessica Freeman: It takes the trajectory of your life just queues it off in another direction. And, you know, there's really, you can't go back. You just have to work with what you've got.
Jessica Freeman: Does that answer your question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have any nightmares about your past.
Jessica Freeman: And sometimes, but they it manifests really strangely it's not like the same situation or people. It's always a different situation. But the underlying feelings are the same, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Fear and then like shame and, you know, wanting to hide everything and not being able to even really confront it you know myself and just kind of trying to stuff it and
Jessica Freeman: Just press on you know in denial or anesthetize myself but you know i don't i don't do that anymore. I'm done that for a long time.
Jessica Freeman: So, but that that would be like a natural instinct for me to feel that way, which maybe I do. I just don't use drugs and alcohol anesthetize myself with staying busy or distracted or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was just wondering, because we have a new therapist and might be something for you to think about, you know, through this process at some point but and really working through an EMT or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've ever heard of em, Dr. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me pull it up it's i i movement recognition therapy is what it's called. And she uses a red light with you and it really goes back and touches those memories and helps relieve the trauma and the feelings around it, you get like this relief from it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so it might be something for you to think about, you know, at some point, to be able to engage in that to walk through your past trauma and heal from that piece and and she's really good at it. She's certified in it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, I would recommend it at some point. Are you ready, you know, when you're ready to engage in it, let me know and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll get you an appointment. I'll get you put on her schedule to engage in that kind of therapy to help you.
Jessica Freeman: Hey, let me grab my phone so I can text work and let them know I'm running behind today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Thanks.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Sorry about that. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No worries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some of the things that you can do to help with your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your self esteem is again making sure that your self care is on point.
Jessica Freeman: And hard
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is it is a hardest things to do. It really is. Because you know as a mom. Everybody else comes first. That's what we get taught right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But in reality, if you're not taking care of yourself, nobody actually gets 100% of you. So it's hard to be
Jessica Freeman: I get that I do. I know. Like, I know the difference that it makes and how important it is. And I've prioritized it in the past and I plan to continue to do that. It's just
Jessica Freeman: You know, things are what they are right now. I just don't have support that I had in Indianapolis and I know I will get it. It's just this stuff takes time, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Because I've got key and on the waitlist for the the the waiver, which will provide us some like respite care.
Jessica Freeman: It'd be paid for by the federal government.
Jessica Freeman: Yea, at the state. I know one of the government's
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, I had that back in India. I had like, you know, five different providers, I could call it anytime and even if I just needed them for like an hour. It was fine. You know, and I didn't have to pay them and they were paid well so everybody's happy.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But here it's different. It takes time. You're in Albuquerque. I'm in California.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that hour difference, but how long is the waiting list Dino
Jessica Freeman: Said 13 years but
Jessica Freeman: I know. But the thing is that they're there, they're doing what Indiana did a while back. And so they're taking
Jessica Freeman: The full waiver and they're kind of like sectioning off the services that
Jessica Freeman: Are like family support services like the kind of services that I'm talking about. And also some like additional therapies.
Jessica Freeman: And some other things that the waiver will pay for that is not as expensive as the full waiver, but like the grant process is going slowly so they'll, they'll do enough for like 15 kids, you know, and then six months later, you know, maybe another 22 kids, but it's just really slow going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. So in the meantime you just got to work with what you got. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: You're in my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely being able to adjust to that kind of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We just get in the routine of doing it because it's what we have to do you know that's part of being in survival mode, a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got your nails done. Two weeks ago, you're about do for it again and you got a pedicure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Are you currently reading any books.
Jessica Freeman: Now, I love reading and I used to read all the time, but it's never quiet here. There's no I can't just sit and when he goes to bed. I go to bed like I'm exhausted.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you eat on your phone book.
Jessica Freeman: And iPhone XR
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do you have headphones work.
I do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, um, one suggestion would be little on the Kindle app.
Jessica Freeman: On your phone. Yeah, that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can get the Kindle app to read to you.
Jessica Freeman: Really, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I do listen to a lot of podcasts.
Jessica Freeman: I really like true crime type of podcast and also I have
Jessica Freeman: A radio show from Indianapolis that I'm like stupid addicted to and it's on podcasts and I also like if I wake up I wake up at six. It's eight in Indy so I can catch the last two hours of the show and then listen to the podcast for what I miss. So I do that that's that's the self care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, very much so see you do a little bit more self care what you think you did.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I want more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So tell me what's going to what all you're going to do when you go back and you have this time. What are you going to do
Jessica Freeman: Well, we're flying in and we'll get there like Friday evening around like five or something and it's still going to feel early because it's like three here so
Jessica Freeman: The very next day is my sobriety birthday, and you can't go get your token, the day before.
Jessica Freeman: So I don't know, like I might go see I might go see a friend or I might just hang up mom and have dinner and crash.
Jessica Freeman: And then Saturday. We're going to get her hair done in the morning and then we're going to blow me 10 and we're going to spend
Jessica Freeman: All day pretty much until like early evening hours at my son's robotics competition and hopefully we'll be going to dinner with him.
Jessica Freeman: That night, but I don't know yet. It's up to him, you know, AND THEN SUNDAY. We're not leaving until like mid afternoon. So I was thinking that Sunday morning would be a great opportunity to
Jessica Freeman: Well, let my friends know ahead of time. Like, I'm going to be at this meeting. I'm getting my two year token. I'm in Indy and
Jessica Freeman: It would be great if you came to this meeting because I really need some love and support right now. And, you know, hopefully my people will show up and I'll get some love and and then hopefully lunch with my, my son, Brendan, and then we fly. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That sounds like a really good weekend.
Jessica Freeman: Doesn't it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, very busy.
Jessica Freeman: I'm going to go to Steak and Shake. We don't have one in Albuquerque. I love candy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have never heard of it either.
Jessica Freeman: They have some in California. But you know, it's, um,
Jessica Freeman: It started in the Midwest, so it's not out here yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Jessica Freeman: But how are you my
Jessica Freeman: Friend lives in Rancho bestow something and she she there's one in driving distance from her in California.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah okay I'm gonna have to check it out.
Jessica Freeman: Really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of food.
Jessica Freeman: Well, it's like steak burgers is made to order. So, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Ground steak neat hamburgers and you know it's like seared on the on the edges of the patties really really good and we have milkshakes, and chili mac like
Jessica Freeman: They have much more than that. But like I worked there when I was in high school for like three years I would wait tables and start taking shape. I mean, pretty, I made better money in high school that I make right now.
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, just memories nostalgia.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is good. Yeah, definitely. So tell me some of the things that are going right for you right now in your life and in your recovery.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, well, two years is pretty big deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: huge deal.
Jessica Freeman: Right. And, you know, you don't get to celebrate birthdays, like you do in your first year, you know, so there are fewer and further between
Jessica Freeman: So yeah, it's kind of a big deal. I feel pretty good about it. And I know that my older son.
Jessica Freeman: Is extremely proud of me because it got really bad and like he didn't want to talk to me for a long time and we have built our relationship back brick by brick.
Jessica Freeman: And there's still a ways to go, but
Jessica Freeman: But
Jessica Freeman: I'm, I'm proud of my progress and so is he. And also, I mean, I know that I'm doing the right thing. I'm continuing with therapy and
Jessica Freeman: Doing this back to basics stuff. It's good because even some of the stuff that like you're saying, or the stuff that's brought up in group. It's like I had thought about that stuff for so long, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I've just gotten in my groove.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's
Jessica Freeman: Working. I mean everything's working. But back to basics is good because for me.
Jessica Freeman: Also, it kind of surprised me. But the group therapy thing the other night during the close your eyes and imagine like have a vision or whatever. I'm like, Okay, I'm rolling with it.
Jessica Freeman: Actually did have something come to mind. And she was like paint a picture. You mind. What kind of brush strokes are you busy.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm I'm rolling with it and I, my first image in my mind was are like the desert sun right like just bright desert sun.
Jessica Freeman: Against the pale blue sky of the desert, which, you know, I live in the desert. Now, so, and it's a big change from where I'm from.
Jessica Freeman: So it's a it's a normal thing to come to mind. But then the next thing that followed in my little vision was I'm like the ground like being so parched, that it's like cracking.
Jessica Freeman: And that metaphor, kind of like ring true with how it feels, and both my life and my recovery right now being isolated, you know, not even being able to get to the meetings and just feels dry and brittle and
Jessica Freeman: I know it's not permanent. Mm hmm hoping for an oasis here soon, but
Jessica Freeman: It's where I am right now and I'm not gonna lie. It's hard. No, it's not forever. But yeah, it is where it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that, you know, that's really good to recognize you know and be able to see that because that's how we can fix it. And definitely, so even though it felt kind of cheesy, it seems to me like you got something out of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even the most simplistic things at times, you know, feel like, why am I doing this, what is this for, but in reality, there's always, you know, little things that we can learn from everything that we go through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so knowing that piece and and you're not able to get to meetings right now. Right.
Jessica Freeman: I'm going to try to get to one over the weekend this weekend because
Jessica Freeman: You know, last week when I was sick, my mom was like, constantly taking she was so much help. So this weekend. I'm just going to ask her to take him for like an hour and a half. And I'm not going to feel guilty about that. It's an hour and a half. I NEED A MEETING AND SHE'LL UNDERSTAND.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't forget, also, that you can engage in meetings online, too.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I've never have like found a good
Jessica Freeman: Meeting like that online if you have any resources on where I could find that because the ones that I've looked at, or like
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's one that a lot of my other clients are talking about, and it's women. Women for recovery.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they, the women that are engaging in it. Enjoy it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They really like you know they're the topics, you know, they're really gender specific and there's a lot of women, there's always a meeting and there's a lot of women that engage in it.
Jessica Freeman: I will look into that. That sounds perfect
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that
Jessica Freeman: Breaking it down. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's another outlet for you to and then you don't even have to leave the comfort of your home and you know what I mean. You can be president. Yeah, totally. You can be present and be present as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that piece.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So check that one out and tell me what you think that will definitely help with your support, tell me what it is that you think, why is it that you think that your recovery is dry right now.
Jessica Freeman: Just because I feel so isolated, you know, I'm missing the fellowship
Jessica Freeman: I had, I had a lot. I had a really large strong support group of different meetings, different people, you know, different sides of town like I got people all over India and I don't have that here. So,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's why change.
Jessica Freeman: I don't mind change so much. It's just, you know, I got here on Christmas Eve. And I was thinking, okay, maybe it'll take you know two or three months and then I'll have a good group. But, you know, here it is, you know, two or three months later, and I got nobody
Jessica Freeman: I got a sponsor.
Jessica Freeman: She said, but you know I was sick all last week, I'm talking like eight straight days of feeling like hell and missing work and just awful. And don't worry, I don't have the coronavirus
Jessica Freeman: But
Jessica Freeman: Just lonely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And those and, you know, again, obviously you know what you saw come out of your head shows that it's a risky place to be, you know,
Jessica Freeman: And I knew that going in.
Jessica Freeman: I was just hoping I would be a little further along in the support building is like the network building process like
Jessica Freeman: This hoping I'd be further along.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you'll get thing.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I have to look at, like, it's just occurred to me I have to look at my responsibility in that and maybe I haven't put myself out there as much as I should. So that's something I can fix
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely something that you can work on because it's important that you get that water in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Two years is a long time and you know to weekend pretty we can pretty much persevere through anything as long as we're willing to step outside of our comfort zone and do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. And so making sure that you grab ahold that you find a consistent meeting for your routine to add to your routine while you're, you know, build them are sober support and you know it will come
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will
Jessica Freeman: I leave you. I know it to be true, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know it's me to
Jessica Freeman: Want it now.
Jessica Freeman: I'm a drug addict and alcoholic I want. Now I want immediate gratification.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good to recognize that. You know what I mean, it's good to know that that that's kind of where we're sitting at. And don't forget that you have in the interim, in the middle of it, all while you're building it where you're at. You have FaceTime
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can 100% stay connected to the people that you your support system that you have in Indiana to while you're walking through this process and still hold on to them no matter what. You know what I mean. Definitely. You don't want to let go of that but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, before I left, I thought, you know, Oh, totally. Stay in touch with everybody.
Jessica Freeman: You know I love you guys so much. I'm really going to need you. And then I've been out here for an, you know, a little while now and it's like
Jessica Freeman: I don't want to bother them, you know, I mean, I haven't even talked to them and like how long you know i just i gotta get over that. That's a mental block.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whoa, whoa, and that's really that addictive side telling you you don't need them. It's okay. We won't be you know will bother him if we call them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the truth is, Sophie, you know, is on the other side of that spectrum, you know, the truth is they would love to hear from you. They would love to be able to support you. They've been doing it for a very long time. Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being able to get over that piece and say, No, you know what I'm going to pick up the phone and I'm gonna call somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, every couple days. I'm going to call a new person and really map it out on of what you're going to do and do it follow through, because I'm telling you, you're going to start being said
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What it, what it is that you need. You're going to feel that support and that love through FaceTime, you know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to be be getting water while you're in this whole transition
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's important.
Jessica Freeman: It is, I haven't been doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's your challenge you know definitely to be able to do it while you're going through all this stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and you'll, you'll know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you'll know to that you you'll say in your head. Why didn't I do this sooner. What was the barrier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's not really a barrier, but it was the addictive side of your brain wanting you to be in that desert starving and lonely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that that that's exactly what its goal is, is to isolate you and get you to a point where you feel like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't do it. There's no support. You're by yourself, all of those things when you get those thoughts. I'm going to bother them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's who's talking. It's not you, it's not your recovery apart. This is your addictive side of your brain trying to reel you bad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you've got to cut it off. You've got to tell them to shut up. You're going to do these things and really move forward and get them done because you know your life depends on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you think of it and not wrong.
Jessica Freeman: No, you're right.
Jessica Freeman: Like I know like for me to drink is to die. Like, I know you know to drug is to die like I've learned that
Jessica Freeman: I know that. And I also know that it only takes one little thing, you know, to lose it all. And I'm
Jessica Freeman: Down for that I've come too far and ever too hard and I got people
Jessica Freeman: Depending on me, people that I love and I don't want to let down and I want to let myself down. I like this life, this life is way fucking better than it was. I mean, night and day.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: That's a good place to be right there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, very good place to be and knowing that you know what I mean. And knowing when you have those thoughts and when you feel lonely that that is exactly where your disease wants you to be. And you've got to combat it. You just have to in your mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you start getting down on yourself, in your mind, you have to change those you have to really combat those thoughts and it takes a lot of practice.
Jessica Freeman: That negative self talk I've gotten much better at it than I used to be but I could definitely use some work in that area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you are you reading any kind of self affirmations in the daytime or anything to start filling your cup up internally as far as your self esteem.
Jessica Freeman: Know what I can do that. You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the morning when you get out before you start your day. You take five minutes. You just take five minutes and you read your daily affirmations.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, whatever that looks like wherever you can get it from whatever works and you connect with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you start feeling your mind filling your body with that positive energy and you know really having tell me that you have posted all over your marriage that that has daily affirmations on her.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I don't know, but I have posted. So, I will write on them.
Jessica Freeman: Hang on, my little boy.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Your job lady.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you.
Jessica Freeman: Sorry about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. No worries.
Jessica Freeman: Little boy wants mommy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lots of course he does. Are you kidding me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me some of the things that that you would write on your post it.
Jessica Freeman: You're looking older every day, just know I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Positive
Jessica Freeman: I know, I know you are a great mom. How about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good one.
Jessica Freeman: That is a good one and
Jessica Freeman: You have come so far.
Okay.
Thank you.
Jessica Freeman: Like, you should be proud of yourself.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, but stay humble though you don't really know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am
Jessica Freeman: I am enough
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, though. That's kind of dangerous for me because I'm not. You know what I mean, like, I need my higher power and I need the group if I if I'm enough, I don't know, for me, the best one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It depends on how you in what context. You mean that, because really, when you're building your self esteem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you start having doubts about who you are, you start having doubts about being a good mom being a beautiful person inside you start feeling like you're not enough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You start feeling like, you know, why would anybody want to be with be with me. Why would I want to be with me and you start having those self defeating thoughts you have to get to that point that says you know all that you are in who you are and who you're becoming is enough, it is
Jessica Freeman: Okay, that makes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It. I'm saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's really about getting to that point to realizing that you are a good person, you know, you're a beautiful lady.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And be able to identify those things. That's why another reason why it's so important for self care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we, we have to believe get to a point that we believe that we are good enough to do these things for ourselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And doing that, we have to continually rehearse these things and that's why I say put post it in the morning. First thing that you see in the morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, putting positivity in your brain about your life about your recovery about who you are, who you're becoming and is is vitally important, because that's how we change those negative thoughts.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Almost sounds like a this battle that goes on. You know what I mean, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Eventually the battle stops.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you say, you know, I am worth recovery and I am worth these things. I am worth and I am enough
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get to these points where you finally start believing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it takes time and that really kind of builds you know your self esteem and on top of it going through at some point going through em Dr will allow you to release release.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The pain release, you know, some of the things that you experienced because of that which is directly connected with your self esteem. Right.
Jessica Freeman: Now there's, there's a lot of that, honestly, I mean,
Jessica Freeman: A lot of that residual old stuff that
Jessica Freeman: Trips me up in my
Jessica Freeman: You know my inner monologue my inner narrative. It
Jessica Freeman: I could definitely look into that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it will definitely help you feel this this my path, a lot of clients that have gone through it, tell me that they feel this inner release this inner peace. It's like there's a freedom in it when they finally learn how to let it go.
Jessica Freeman: Does it last.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Okay cuz I've let some I've let some things go. Aren't you know how many hundreds of times, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I just, I hope it lasts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you take it back.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: You got me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think tell me that you haven't heard that old saying that. And it's this kid that's talking to God and he says, you know, why have you you know not why have you forsaken me. Why have you have you not relieved me of these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tell it comes back at him and says it's because you haven't completely let them go. You keep taking them back for me.
Jessica Freeman: I think I've heard something along those lines.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's this little card this little saying you know that talks about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's also something else that you can do is have a god box.
Jessica Freeman: I have one of those.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so those scenarios, need to be in that box.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you start thinking about them, or they start coming up and you know that what the rid is and what's coming from, you need to, like, say, Give it back and let it go. But again, these things, these internal things they take practice. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not something, you know what I mean that you can do on a one time thing. But when you recognize that that's what's going on. So, you know, you got to stop it and say, Wait, I already gave that up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why am I letting that occupy my mind my time. My time is too valuable for this right now and let it be where it's supposed to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that piece.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's several different things that you can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've
Jessica Freeman: Definitely given me a lot to think about and some things to put into action. This week, so I'll have a report for you next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. That's what I want to see. And definitely, I hope that you have a great time next weekend. That's so vitally important.
Thanks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely you need that time.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Also, just to be with my son, you know, because I want him to know that it doesn't matter where he is and where I am like, I love the crap out of him. There's nothing I wouldn't do for him. Yeah.
How will
Jessica Freeman: He will be 17 next month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't it crazy how fast they grow.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, yes it is. And I'm cherishing every moment with my little and
Jessica Freeman: Definitely
Jessica Freeman: I do, I do have to go because I'm already late for work, but I gotta get there by by 10
Jessica Freeman: But I do appreciate this. I see it's value.
Jessica Freeman: I will be back.
Jessica Freeman: So let me do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so next Friday at eight o'clock.
Jessica Freeman: It's Thursday. I think we're supposed to do Thursdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At one time.
Jessica Freeman: And eight for, you know, and for me I think that double checking. I think you booked me out for a while. So yeah, March fifth eight your time 28 your time.
Jessica Freeman: Celebrating. Yep.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will see you next week and have a good week.
Jessica Freeman: Thanks. You too. Okay, bye.
Bye.